1.     What is View? What are the benefits of using views?
In a database, a view is the result set of a stored query on the data, 
which the database users can query just as they would in a persistent database collection object.
It is a physical object in the database. It does not store data like table. It stores the data schema,
so when a view is refered, it pulls data from the query it is associated with.

Benefits: Views can join and simplify multiple tables into a single virtual table.
	  Views take very little space to store; the database contains only the definition of a view,
	  	not a copy of all the data that it presents.
	  Views can simplify the how users work with data, making code reusable.
	  Views can represent a subset of the data contained in a table. 
		Consequently, a view can limit the degree of exposure of the underlying tables to the outer world: 
		a given user may have permission to query the view, while denied access to the rest of the base table.
	  Views can combine similar, structured data from different servers.

2.     Can data be modified through views?
Yes

3.     What is stored procedure and what are the benefits of using it?
SP groups one or more Transact-SQL statements into a logical unit, stored as an object in a SQL server database.
When it is executed the first time, an optimal query access plan is created and stored in the plan memory cache to be later used.
The use of SP allows plan to be reused, so the performance would be faster and more reliable. 
Benefits:
	Increase security by limiting direct access.
	Faster using cache.
	It help centralize Transact-SQL code in the data tier. It is hard to modify webs and apps with embedded ad hoc sql in a production environment.
		With centralized code, we do not have to recommplie the page or program executable.
	It reduces network traffics for larger ad hoc queries. 
	It encourages code reusablities.

4.     What is the difference between view and stored procedure?
View is a data schema. 
SP is a collection of pre-executed sql statements, 
	where you can send in parameters as input and retrieve outputs.
	It can contain views.

5.     What is the difference between stored procedure and functions?
SP can return zero, one, or multiple values. Function returns one mandatory value.
We can use transactions in SP, but not in function.
SP can have input and output parameters. Function only have input parameters.
We can call functions from SP, but not the other way around.
We cannot use SP in a select statement, but we can use functions.
SP allows select,insert,update,delete statement in it. Function only allows select statement in it.

6.     Can stored procedure return multiple result sets?
Yes.

7.     Can stored procedure be executed as part of SELECT Statement? Why?
No, because prosedures are not allowed in sql statements.

8.     What is Trigger? What types of Triggers are there?
It is a special type of SP that gets fired when user issues a create, alter, drop or an insert, update, delete on a table.
DDL, DML.

9.     What are the scenarios to use Triggers?
Enforce data integrity beyond simple referential integrity.
Implement business rules.
Maintain audit record of changes.
Accomplish cascading updates and deletes.

10.  What is the difference between Trigger and Stored Procedure?
Trigger is run automatically on events. SP is run manually.
SPs can be called within a trigger.
We can call SP from a front end file.
Trigger cant take input parameters.